ARROW-14758: [Doc] Steps in making your first PR - test in Python (#11827)
apache/arrow: docs/source/developers/guide/step_by_step/testing.rst

***********
Testing 🧪
***********

In Arrow we always add a unit test to the code we are
contributing. Therefore you will also need to add one when

> you finish with your work.

Author: Good point! Thanks for pointing this out, will rephrase.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Pytest

      We use `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/>`_ for
      unit tests in Python. For more info about the required
      packages follow
      :ref:`Python unit testing section <python-unit-testing>`.

>       What we normally do is run the test we are working on
>       only. Once we are finished with our work and then 
>       we run other tests also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      During the development process, it can be more efficient to only run the tests relevant to the code which you are working on.  However, you should run all of the tests once you have finished your development work.
```
How about this?

      To run a specific unit test use this command in 
      the terminal from the ``arrow/python`` folder:

      .. code-block::

         python -m pytest pyarrow/tests/test_file.py -k test_your_unit_test

      Run all the tests from one file:

      .. code-block::

         python -m pytest pyarrow/tests/test_file.py

      Run all the tests:

      .. code-block::

         python -m pytest pyarrow

      If the tests start failing try to recompile
      PyArrow or C++.
      
      .. note::

         **Recompiling Cython**

         If you change only the .py file you do not need to
         recompile PyArrow. But you have to that if you make
         changes in .pyx or .pxd files.
        
         To do that run this command again:

         .. code-block::

            python setup.py build_ext --inplace

      .. note::
		
         **Recompiling C++**

         Similarly you will need to recompile C++ if you have
         done some changes in C++ files. In this case

>          re-run the cmake commands again. 

Author: Yes, will add them!

***********
Testing 🧪
***********

In Arrow we use unit tests to ensure code quality, to help
others understand our code better and to make the process

> of review easier.

Reviewer: If we're going to lay out all the important reasons for unit tests here, I think we should mention something about the fact that part of the reason for testing is that we want to make sure that code works across different platforms/operating systems etc.

Adding a new unit tests is needed when adding a new feature,
a binding or a bug fix. 

It can also happen your work will involve adding a unit test
to a code already written, modifying a unit test or even making
more than one unit test for the changes in the code.

It is also possible to make changes that do not require adding
a unit test like :ref:`documentation`.

If you do need to work with unit tests, this section will help

> you with the necessary steps.

Author: Seems reasonable to me ;)

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Pytest

      We use `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/>`_ for
      unit tests in Python. For more info about the required
      packages follow
      :ref:`Python unit testing section <python-unit-testing>`.

>       During the development process, it can be more efficient to only run the tests relevant to the code which you are working on.  However, you should run all of the tests once you have finished your development work.

Reviewer: On second thoughts, I wonder if this paragraph is needed either?  I don't always run all the R tests if I've made a tiny self-contained changed, as I know it's not going to impact anything else, and that the CI is going to run it all and more.  Even if this is good advice, I wonder if, given this is a step-by-step guide, it perhaps doesn't belong here.
